Things.
How it how I mean.
Okay, let's dive a little deeper here.
I'm including all the factorial things.
Let's see.
So this is made from 001.
This comes from 010.
Yeah.
This comes from 001 and 100.
And this comes from 100 and 010.
Correct.
And these all comes from zero only 000.
Let me write three zeros.
Well.
So here you can see I'm adding the 0%.
Here I am adding 5%, 0%, second percent, second person and first percent right now.
Here after this.
If I want to go to this particular mass here, I'm adding the second.
So the first part here, I am adding this 0%.
Here I'm adding, oh, I got I didn't 0%.
I am reading the second percent rate and now here I leveling the 0% to this particular part.
I'll be adding the first person and to this particular part, elevating the second position.
Finally, I am adding this second person, first person and 0%.
So here you can see if I could reverse any of these parts.
So this is what Zero went to, correct?
The leftmost bus zero went to this.
But that is this one.
It is nothing but 102.
This one.
It's nothing but a 0 to 1 rate and then just to zero one.
Then it is 210 and then it is 1 to 0.
So you can see in that again, I'm trying all possible permutations, right?
It's just that I don't want to calculate these states twice, which is like, let's talk about this
001.
Combines with 100 to give me 1018.
So I don't want any two states to be you know, come by computing twice I want.
And here you can see I'm trying all possible factorial state so this is three factorial which is six
all virtual options.
So the day we realize this that how does it affect today's reduce to subsets.
Will you get that answers eight.
Yeah.
Thank you everyone in the next part.